Many men will make you feel like you're
crazy, you're insane, for having
boundaries, for knowing what you want,
for not allowing disrespect, for wanting
to have a certain amount of money
deposited in your bank account monthly.
No man gets a special treatment here.
Okay? You have to set your boundaries
and your boundaries must be so clear and
non-negotiable
so that you stop attracting men who
simply keep disrespecting you. Think
about it like a crime. If he is going to
commit a crime and he's sitting in the
court in front of the judge, the judge
will look at the facts what has
happened, which crime he has committed
and based on that she will give a
sentence. Now, if the sentence based on
the crime would be 25 years, the judge
will not look at him and think, hm, but
he's actually a cute guy,
he has a good heart. I'm sure he's not
going to do that again. And also, he has
a lot of money. Let's let's just give
him 5 years. No. Okay. The judge will
give him 25 years based on the facts.
And you need to treat men the same way.
You are the judge in your life and you
need to judge people on their actions,
on the way they treat you. And based on
that, you give them a sentence. You give
them a sentence of life. If they do
something that is absolute red and
non-negotiable, you will not see them
again. If they do something and they
keep repeating it, life. If they do
something that you wish it was
different, but you can tolerate it once
or twice, but if it's not changing,
life, there is no special treatment for
nobody. No man in the world deserves to
be treated special by you. You know why?
Because a man that is bothered by you
having boundaries, a man that thinks
that you're crazy or insane for having
the boundaries you have, is a man that
is here to take advantage of you and
waste your time. And yes, this doesn't
sound like a Princess Disney movie and
it is not. Okay, life is not a Princess
Disney movie, but if you want to get the
Disney princess treatment, you have to
set your boundaries and you will see you
are sorting out all the trash and you
make space for people who actually
respect you and your boundaries. Hi guys
and welcome back to my channel. My name
is Mika and everything on my channel is
about upgrading you, upgrading your life
and becoming the best, most confident
and most beautiful woman in your life.
That's why in today's video, I want to
talk about five feminine boundaries that
every woman has to set with men so she
gets treated well. If you're tired of
being disrespected, if you're tired of
letting men waste your time, this video
is for you. And after today's video, you
will know exactly which boundaries you
have to set and how you set them. Let's
get into this. First of all, I quickly
want to talk about boundaries because I
feel like so many women believe that a
boundary is a wall and it's something
that must be enforced with a lot of
masculine energy, with a lot of strength
and anger. But that's not the case.
Okay? A boundary is something like a
filter. It's filtering out people who
simply do not align with what you want,
with your vision. And this is so so
important because if you do not have
that filter, you keep interacting with
people that will drain your energy. It's
actually scientifically proven that if
you are interacting with someone, you
are exchanging energies. If you want to
or not, you're always exchanging
energies with being, for example,
empathic, with loving someone, with
emotionally investing in someone, with
thinking about the other person, with
helping another person. You are
exchanging energies, which means that
you take on something from that other
person and that other person takes on
something from you. And unfortunately
what happens many many times is that we
you as the woman you are interacting
with a man that might does not have the
same intentions that you have and you
will automatically get confused and
distracted in your way of life. If you
have ever been in a relationship that
was toxic, you will have noticed that
for some reason your life went down the
drain as well. It's not only his life.
Sometimes even his life is getting
better and he's getting more
opportunities, more success, more money
while your life is draining down. And
the moment you separate, your life goes
up and his life goes down. That's
because of the energy exchange. Your
energy is the good energy in that sense
is that kind of magic and him he had the
bad energy. And that's why always after
a breakup, one person is improving in
life and the other person is failing in
life. The point is that you're always
exchanging energies. And if you do not
have that filter, you will be exchanging
energies with people that are not
aligned with your intentions, with your
mission. Now, sooner or later, you will
part ways and you will be wasting your
time on someone that does not serve you
anything. And to prevent that, you need
boundaries. Another very important point
is how to enforce those boundaries.
Boundaries are not being enforced by
explaining, talking too much, shouting,
or giving it too much energy. Boundaries
are being enforced by removing energy.
And I speak about that all the time
because I was so guilty of always
wanting and needing to explain
everything, to explain my boundaries, to
explain why I don't want to be treated
that way and how I want to be treated
instead. When I realized that all this
talk does nothing but allow more
disrespect, I understood the less I talk
and the more I simply withdraw and
disappear, the more men actually respect
me. The more they actually understand
that they messed up, they need to step
up and they do not get special treatment
from me. Doesn't matter how much money
he has, how beautiful he is, how special
he thinks he is, because no man in my
life gets special treatment. Every man
has to go through the same judgmental
system. And if he is crossing my
boundaries, I'm either disappearing
forever or minimum for a period of time
until he understood and makes it up.
Boundary number one, do not get
emotionally invested too quickly.
Emotional investment will always make
you fall for a man, will always make you
fall for someone way too quickly. And
men know that they want to rush that
process in the beginning. They want to
rush that dating phase to get to the
relationship status very quickly to get
all the benefits and to have to do less.
The dating phase is always the chasing,
the courting, the proving that he is
worthy of you, right? Of course, he will
try to rush that process to be able to
do less and get more of it. When you
allow him to do that, you start to
emotionally invest more and more. And
the more you emotionally invest, the
harder it is for you to let him go. The
thing is many many times you start
dating someone and then just after a few
weeks or maybe even months you realize
oh this is not the man that I can
imagine a future with. This is not a man
that I want to be my husband that I want
to have children with or this is not the
man I thought he would be. After a few
months always the good mask the perfect
mask that everyone puts is falling. So,
I want you to not emotionally invest too
quickly. Give it time. I mean, a lot of
time. Do not let him rush. Every time he
rushes, you slow down even more.
Obviously, he is the one setting the
pace, but you are the one who can slow
it down by simply not giving so much
access to your energy. The less access
you give, the more he understands. I
have to work more to get more of her
attention, to get more of her energy.
And as I always mention, the more he is
investing in any way, financially,
physically, in thinking about you, he's
also investing more emotionally, and he
will get attached to you very quickly
and he will not want to let you go that
easily. Now, you will be thinking, okay,
but how do I not emotionally invest? I
know everyone talks about cooking and
cleaning the car or cleaning his
apartment or doing these girlfriend
things, but honestly, I think it's more
than that. Like,
okay, but why would you ever cook for a
man that you're not married to? For me,
this is already off the table. But I
know men sometimes they try to rush that
so much and they make you do things that
you actually wouldn't do because you
feel like you need to prove to him that
you are special. But you never need to
prove anything. And once the moment
arises that you feel like you need to
prove yourself that you're special, you
need to withdraw. You do not need to
prove. Never ever. He needs to prove. He
needs to court. He needs to chase. That
he is worthy of you. You don't look at
him and think, "Oh, he has such a nice
six-pack. He is so nice. He has a lot of
money. I need to prove that I'm worthy
of him." No, no, no, no. Once you do
that, you already kind of lost the game
because you're showing him that you do
not know your worth. You're not sure
about yourself. That's why you needs to
prove you need to prove yourself that
you are worthy. Once he notices that all
his respect will be out of the window.
He knows that he can take from you and
take from you and take from you and you
will get emotionally invested more and
more and more that you won't let him go
that easily. Number two, take your time
seriously. People are not just saying
that time is money for no reason. Time
is money. Okay? And the more you value
your time and you understand, hey, yeah,
actually time is money. I could have
done so many more things than meeting
with a man that is actually wasting my
time, that actually doesn't even know
how to treat me well. This includes not
cancelling your plans to meet a man and
making him feel like you're so busy with
your own life. I keep telling you in all
of my other videos, get yourself busy
and even if you're not, pretend. Okay?
Pretend to be busy. Pretend to have a
life. Make it minimum seem like you are
so invested with your own life, with
your business, with your hobbies, with
your friends. Never ever make him
believe that your time is not really
valuable and you are available any time
at all time and you would do everything
for him. If you do that, he will not
have any respect for you and the whole
chasing and courting will immediately
stop. He will not be that interested in
investing in you because he knows you're
anyways available. Why should he do more
when you're anyways available? Now, if
he's texting you at 9:00 p.m., you're
replying the next day, "Hi, I'm not
replying to people after 8:00 p.m.,
unless it's an emergency." Or you're
replying, "Hey, I was busy. I had a
girl's evening." Or you're telling him,
"I was out camping." Whatever. Whatever.
If you were not busy, make things up.
Okay? From my experiences, if I just
pretend to be busy, it doesn't create
that same distance, it doesn't have the
same effect as when I am really busy.
The thing is, when you're not really
busy, you're actually thinking about him
and you're actually maybe ignoring his
message, it's an energy of desperation.
your head and your mind and your
thoughts are still revolving around him
and he will feel that eventually. So
please get busy. Get alive. Do
something. Go outside. Even if you don't
have much money, go for a walk. Do
something. Okay? Go outside. Talk to
strangers. Not to weird strangers, not
to everyone. But talk to new people. Go
to the gym. Do some dance classes. Go to
the park. do some work or get a project
done, start drawing art, whatever.
Please do me a favor and be busy with
yourself. Be investing time, energy, and
effort in yourself, your looks, in your
soul. Read a book, do something, but get
busy and move your body. Now, number
three, set very clear and hard
boundaries. I have already mentioned it
earlier. You need to set very clear
boundaries. Even though you think, "I
don't want to be a mean girl. I don't
want to be mean to him. I don't want to
hurt his feelings." Stop this
self-sabotaging thoughts because you
need to be having those clear and hard
boundaries and enforce them. And I want
you to think about a dog, for example.
If you're not going to dog school and
you're not teaching your dog how to
behave well, he will not behave well,
right? If he's always eating your socks,
biting your shoes, chewing your hair
mess, slippers, and it never has any
consequences for him, he will keep doing
that because he thinks it's fine. The
same way with children. If you have
children or think about yourself, your
parents, your siblings when you were a
child and you were staying up late or
you were watching more TV than you were
allowed to, but then there were no
consequences for you misbehaving.
You will be trying more and trying
bigger things. You will misbehave in a
bigger way. You will test those
boundaries. You will test how far can I
go? how much can I misbehave? And if it
never has consequences, doesn't matter
what you're doing, you're simply
learning that it's okay to misbehave.
And that same way it is with men. If
you're never giving any consequences to
him misbehaving and misbehaving can be
everything. If for you misbehaving is
one wrong word, that's misbehaving.
Okay? There is no script. There is no
Bible where it says this is misbehaving.
This is not misbehaving. You set your
own boundaries. You set your own Bible
of what you want to allow and what you
don't want to allow. Now, for example,
for me, if a man is promising me
something, doesn't matter what it is, if
he's not following through, this is for
me a misbehave. Okay? If a man is not
following through with actions on his
words, he is misbehaving. It's for me
crossing a line, crossing a boundary.
And believe me, men are going to test
it. Even if five times he was following
through, that one time not following
through, he's testing if he still needs
to respect your boundary. If he still
needs to follow through. If you are
going to a shop and stealing chewing
gum, just because you were in that same
shop already before, five times and
paying for that chewing gum, you will
get punished. you will get a penalty.
You will get sentenced for that one time
you stole the chewing gum. Okay. Another
example, if a man is inviting me to a
date and then he asks me to come there
after I already told him, "Choose the
place as long as you get me there and
get me back home safe." And he still
asks me to come there myself. This is
crossing a boundary. This is him testing
me if I actually mean what I say. Once a
man is doing that, I'm not going to
reply to him ever again. It's the most
unattractive thing a man can do. This is
my filter. You're already out. The
fourth boundary. Treat everyone the
same. As I already mentioned, every man
is going through your same Bible
penalties. You are the judge and every
man has to be treated the same way.
Doesn't matter how he looks. Doesn't
matter how much money he has. Doesn't
matter how much money he spends on you.
Doesn't matter how much you think that
he has a good heart. It all doesn't
matter because at the end of the day,
nobody gets special treatment. Okay? He
is not special and you cannot give any
man special treatment. Your boundaries
are your boundaries. Your
non-negotiables are your non-negotiables
and they can not be discussed, adjusted
or modified depending on how cute the
guy is, depending on how good his hair
looks, depending on his nice body with
whatever you want to justify it. No man
has the right to get special treatment.
Keep repeating, a man that has a problem
with your boundaries is a man that is
taking advantage of you not having
boundaries. And the last one, number
five, do not revolve your life around a
man, around any man. You need to revolve
your life around yourself. And whenever
you set your boundaries and you are
actually disappearing, you are
withdrawing energy. You're withdrawing
attention, you will see that he's going
to try to trick you into you giving your
boundaries up. You forgiving him without
him putting that much effort before he
even got to reflect, think about what he
has done and make amends to make it up
to you. That's why when you have your
own life going on, you're busy with your
life. It's more easy for you to
transmute your emotions. When you set a
boundary, I do not want you to be angry.
I do not want you to be harsh. I do not
want you to be shouting, explaining,
using all these words and all these
expressions. I just want you to withdraw
attention. You need to be indifferent.
And even though you might feel all those
emotions, you might feel rage, you might
feel anger when he disrespects you, but
you need to be indifferent. And here
now, it's so so important that you know
what to do to transmute your emotions.
If you're just sitting there watching
TV, YouTube, not doing anything, not
moving your body where you can transmute
those emotions, then you will end up
talking to him. You will end up giving
in. You will end up making him feel like
he's so important that even though he
made mistakes, even though he was
misbehaving, you're still forgiving.
You're still there. There are no real
consequences for him. As soon as he
reaches out to you and says, "Hey, I'm
sorry." You will just give in and you
will say, "Yeah, okay. It's fine." You
need him to put in effort. If he does
something or worst case he disappears
for a while or he breaks up with you,
the coming back in with you, the coming
back together with you, the coming back
to your energy is expensive. Okay? It's
not just a sorry, it's not going to
happen again. It needs to be consistent,
a real sorry, I did wrong and I want to
make amends and this and this and this
is the plan. So this will not keep
happening. So I will not keep
disrespecting you. I will not keep doing
things that will hurt you. And that's so
so important because men they know the
games, okay? They know how to make you
crumble in a sense. They know how to
make you give up your own boundaries. If
you like animals, he will use animals.
It's his dog or his cats or his mouse,
his hamster, whatever suddenly got super
ill, some emergency will come up for him
and he will trick you with that
emergency to give up your boundary. Give
up that distance that you're creating,
that punishment, that consequences. So
you're giving it up and you are getting
back with him to give him the attention.
If this doesn't work for him, he will
try to actually talk to you face to
face. He will keep calling you many many
times. He will maybe even check out the
places where you usually go. So you are
seeing him face to face and he knows
when you're face to face you will crack.
You will not keep that hard shell
because he knows you like him. you love
him. And I tell you, if you know you're
going to see him, be prepared. You must
be mean. You must be holding your
boundaries. Do not get confused. Do not
get tricked into giving that energy
again. Do not get tricked with him
saying, "Hey, let's meet here and there.
I will give you some money. I will
invite you to a nice date." No, you
first need to hear a sincere apology.
And this apology must come with a mans
how he is going to make it up or already
making it up. Is he sending you flowers?
Is he sending you something? What was
the disagreement about? He can maybe
make it up. Maybe it was him not
following through with his words. So, he
must be following through with his words
first before you forgive him. before he
can re-enter in your energy field. Okay?
It's so so difficult to withstand that
urge to forgive, to text him again.
We're woman, right? We have emotions.
We're nurturing. We're caring. We do not
want to lose connections, which is a
beautiful trait we women have. But it's
also sometimes if it's not used with
care and attention bit of a curse and
make it very difficult to find a man
that actually loves and respects us and
treats us well. Anyways guys, I hope
this could help. I hope you understand
now which boundaries you have to set,
why, and how you set them. And as
always, if you want to know how to
attract a real provider man, and how to
truly become that woman that embodies
the standards, the boundaries, that
knows which tests men keep doing and how
to pass those tests, download my ebook,
The Queen Treatment. The link is below.
Thank you so so much for watching. I
love you so much and I see you in my
next video. Bye-bye.